2 training days
Advanced Data Analysis with Excel
Data Analysis with Excel
100% online guidance
Create your own dashboards and analyses with Excel
Take your Excel skills to the next level
Sign up now

Need financial support to follow this track?
Fear not, as there are many funding and subsidy opportunities available to help you on your journey toward your brand-new career in tech. We’ve made a list of funding and subsidy opportunities for you.


Why this training?
In today’s fast-paced business world, proficiency in Excel is essential as it’s widely used by professionals across various industries. Excel can help you better manage and analyze data, as well as provide insights that can be used to make informed business decisions.

By taking our Data Analysis with Excel training course, you’ll gain a comprehensive understanding of how to use Excel for data analysis. For this reason, our course is an excellent opportunity if you want to advance your Excel skills and prepare for a more extensive data analysis training course.

Furthermore, having Excel skills can give you a competitive edge in the job market. By enrolling in our Data Analysis with Excel training course given in both in English and in Dutch, you’ll not only be able to enhance your skills and knowledge but also increase your chances of landing a better job or advancing in your career.

Please note: this training is offered in Dutch and English.

Learn to analyze data in Excel in 2 days
Microsoft Excel is the most widely used program in many business environments, therefore knowledge of Excel is essential for almost all ICT professionals. In this short track, you will learn in two days how Excel data analysis works and how to build a data model with a graphical dashboard. At the end of the course, you will be able to analyze your own business data.


You’re the perfect match if you…
This course is a natural preparation for more advanced data analysis training. Moreover, it is a good basis for creating reports and accounts in Excel. You will immediately benefit from it in your daily work.

Basic skills in Excel
This course is for individuals who have basic Excel skills and want to take their Excel skills to the next step for advanced data analysis.

Higher education required or equivalent professional experience
In order to get the best out of this course, we estimate that you need to have higher education or equivalent professional experience.

Working people and job seekers
Everyone is eligible for this free training: employed, self-employed and job seekers.

Language
This course takes place in Dutch and in English so you can choose the one that suits you best. All the study material is in English.

Age
We believe in age diversity, so there is no such thing as too young or too old. Everyone is welcome!

Excel on your laptop or computer
Preferably Office 365 or 2021, but earlier versions (after 2010) can also participate.

Here’s what you’re going to learn
This course for people who have basic Excel skills and want to enrich their skills. The pace is fast: You will learn in two days how Excel data analysis works and how to build a data model with a graphical dashboard. It is therefore important that you have basic knowledge of Microsoft Excel.

Day 1
Get data into Excel quickly and conveniently
Enriching data using formulas and functions
Creating and using tables
Creating pivot tables
Creating charts
Simple data analysis with Excel
Day 2
Power Query: Importing data from different sources
Transforming and cleaning data
PowerPivot: Creating a Data Model
Creating relationships
Building a data model with DAX functions
Creating a visual report from the data model
De trainer

Harry van den Hoff

Hard skills Trainer

Microsoft Excel Expert
Microsoft Word Expert
Sign up now
We open several classes in Dutch and in English for this course throughout the year.

100% online guidance
Take your Excel skills to the next level
Learn to build a data model
Training days	Price	
16-17 October 2023 (ENG)	€ 599 incl VAT	Register here
Frequently Asked Questions
Do I need a specific laptop?
You will at least need Excel on your laptop/PC. Therefore, make sure you have that program installed prior to the training. Recommended is Office 365 or 2021, but also earlier versions (after 2010) can participate. For ‘Excel for Beginners’ a Macbook is still usable. For the training ‘Excel essentials for Data’ and ‘Data Analysis with Excel’ it is important to work with a Windows laptop or PC.

Is the study material included in the price?
You don’t have to purchase anything for this training. All teaching material is available online and included in our price.

Which language will be spoken during the training?
This training is taught entirely in English. The trainers speak English and the material is also in English. It is therefore important that you can speak and read English well. Afraid you might not be able to come up with words fast enough? No worries; you will pick it up very soon.