Learn the fundamentals of AI
Are you ready to unlock the potential of Artificial Intelligence? In this on-demand AI fundamentals course, we'll guide you through the fundamental principles of AI and equip you with the knowledge and skills needed to excel in this rapidly evolving field. Whether it's coding in Python, understanding machine learning, or exploring ethical aspects of AI, we've got all bases covered!
Demystify the world of AI
Learn how AI could be implemented in your life
Study at your own pace with like-minded peers
Sign up now


Boost your career with AI knowledge
The program offers a diverse range of content, including interactive e-learning modules, courses, on-demand talks, case studies, and helpful guides. Plus, with our course being 100% on-demand, you can learn whenever you want, keeping up with all the latest trends in this fast-moving field. 

We reckon the secret to success is having both technical know-how and excellent soft skills. That’s why, when you join us, you’ll also get a chance to learn some handy soft skills related to AI.

Good to know: All the learning materials are provided in English.

This course is launching on June 6th!
This course will launch in just a couple of weeks. You can sign up today and we’ll pop in your inbox with your login details on June 6th.

What will you learn?
Our comprehensive program is designed to familiarize you with Artificial Intelligence regardless of your technical background. That means that we will start with the basics, covering topics related to data literacy as well as providing you with a solid foundation of the popular programming language Python. After that, you’ll explore the fundamentals of AI, delve into machine learning and deep learning and Large Language Models (LLMS) like ChatGPT. Of course, we will explore the ethical considerations of all of this. By the end of the course, you will also be familiar with the no-code options for AI, so that you can continue to explore AI regardless of your programming skills.


On-demand: how does that work?
✔️ Gain 6-month access to a premium DataCamp account  

✔️ Gain unlimited access to handy Techionista Academy guides full of additional materials and tips to prepare optimally for your exams

✔️ Receive an official Techionista certificate with the title ‘AI Fundamentals’

✔️ Learn together in a community of like-minded peers on discord 

✔️ Join live Q&A sessions

In a nutshell, what will you learn?
Hard skills
Introduction to Data
Python Fundamentals
AI Fundamentals
Machine learning
Deep Learning
Introduction to ChatGPT
GitHub Fundamentals
Bonus: No-code AI
Career Skills
The importance of diversity in Data & AI
Personality AI with DISC  
Improving your Communication and Collaboration with DISC 
Ethics & AI